Docs: Minor fixes (#3665)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/operators-guide/architecture/components/query-frontend/index.md

- Ensure that large queries that might cause an out-of-memory (OOM) error in the querier are retried if a query fails.
  This enables administrators to under-provision memory for queries, or run more small queries in parallel, which helps to reduce the total cost of ownership.

> - Prevent multiple large requests from being picked up by a single querier by distributing queries among all queriers using a first-in, first-out queue.

Author: Yes, that was my understanding as well, maybe to be more explicit we could make this
```suggestion
- Prevent multiple large requests from being queued up and delayed in a single querier by distributing queries among all queriers using a first-in, first-out queue.
```
